---
layout: post
title: 你今天的list 整理好了吗
category:  Retrospective
---

This is knid of a retrospective.  I recently mess up a case and cause miserable loss to my team and company. That's really a shame of me. Dispite my guilty, I need to take actions for my mistake. My mistake make the whole teammates and even whole company work on it for two days.


The case I missed and even mark it as pass is a really high risk case. We missed it on a product release. I think it over and over. Not sure whether I can enhance my work and correct my mistake. But I need to give it a shot and really take it seriously.

Accept the fact, accpect myself. This is work, I made a huge mistake. Although I don't know how to work again with them. I'm the one hold the team back. It may take a lot of courage to say hi to them again. Now I don't how how to say the first sorry to them. But I must work a better work to fix the current issue. And I do not leave them a impression of really irresponsible and incapable to handle my work.

I'm a enginieer to solve problem. To make things work in an arranged way. Design my day in a clear and rhythmic way. I cannot just begin work and do it in a casual way. 
If the thing is complicated, divide it into parts. And solve it one by one until you finish the aparts and make it a complete. What exactly is the goal. Any workable way to reach it? Is there any better way?

I'm kind of lazy and live in as-it-is life, not planed it a lot. I want make this a start. Track my life, track my work. Ask myself 3 questiongs a day:

* 今天的知识有成长吗？    
* 今天你的世界又更广阔吗？    
* 今天有什么是可以更好解决的吗？

The answer for today is 
* no,     
* no,    
* I could have start this earlier.


